Specification: LSB Core generic
Edition of Specification: 4.0
Type: Error
Status: Unapproved
Bug reference: http://bugs.linuxbase.org/show_bug.cgi?id=2540

Rationale: the description of strsignal() incorrectly indicates
that an unknown signal will return the text "unknown signal".
In addition, the same page has a description of sys_siglist[],
which is not available in this specification.  The description
of the related _sys_siglist[] should be improved.


In LSB Core generic

In 13.5. Interface Definitions for libc


Entry _sys_siglist, section Description:

Change

_sys_siglist is an array containing the names of the signal
names.
 
The _sys_siglist array is only in the binary standard; it is
not in the source standard. Applications wishing to access the
names of signals should use the strsignal() function.

To

_sys_siglist is an array containing signal description strings
ordered by signal number.

The _sys_siglist array is only in the binary standard; it is
not in the source standard. Applications wishing to access
signal descriptions should use the strsignal() function.



Entry strsignal, section Synopsis

Delete:

extern const char * const sys_siglist[];


Entry strsignal, section Synopsis

Delete:

The array sys_siglist holds the signal description strings
indexed by signal number. This array should not be accessed
directly by applications.


Entry strsignal, section Return Value

Change:
 
If sig is a valid signal number, strsignal() shall return a
pointer to the appropriate description string. Otherwise,
strsignal() shall return either a pointer to the string
"unknown signal", or a null pointer.

To:

If sig is a valid signal number, strsignal() shall return a
pointer to the appropriate description string. If sig is not a
valid signal number, strsignal() shall return a pointer to an
error string. The contents of either type of string are
unspecified.

